well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about
why trump makes poor decisions
you ever been driving near a school and
seen one of those uh radar stations it
tells you how fast you're going
there's no cop near it it's just the
radar
and the flashing light telling you how
fast you're going
what do you do when you see one of those
almost everybody slows down
why why it's not new information it's on
your dashboard
why do you slow down
it's feedback loop the information was
presented to you in a way that
resonated emotionally feedback loop has
four stages
the action that action gets measured
stored gets presented back in a way that
emotionally resonates
and it highlights options in this case
slow down
it can be used to create good behavior
can also be used to create negative
behavior
what do we know about trump i mean like
really what do we know when you think
trump you think
ego man has a huge ego right
name in gold everywhere he's a stable
genius with infinite wisdom
he's infallible huge ego
what else do we know he's a poor
consumer of information
people who watch his channel are going
to say yeah he's retweeting
fox and other far right outlets all the
time
yeah that's true that is true but his
intelligence briefings
we've had people talk about how he kind
of drifts off at them
doesn't always attend them
he's a poor consumer of information and
then yeah he does have that
diet of far-right internet
and tv news
what if the reason he makes bad
decisions
is because there's two feedback loops
colliding
we've talked about it on this channel
before how
a lot of pundits try to out
sensationalize each other
and it just gets wilder and wilder
in their defense of trump or in
whatever it is that they're covering
they try to come up with a take that's
going to get those clicks
going to get those views going to
sensationalize more and more and more
it's a cycle
that's one feedback loop that exists
given what we know about president trump
that may play a very large part in his
decision making
he undertakes an action
that action is measured and stored
by the news outlet by the pundit
it's relayed back to him because he
watches it
because these people are generally
trying to show how loyal they are to the
president and cheerlead him
on they take positions
that are more extreme than the president
in an attempt to make him seem less
extreme
and they highlight an option they give
him that option to be even more extreme
to take it a step further the
reinforcing the idea that everything
he's doing is right
so he continues along that path
that's his feedback loop
that's his feedback loop and it explains
so much
it explains why after that debate
he said he wasn't going to change
anything because the polls
show that he won no they didn't
the only polls that showed him winning
were the ones where like vote on the
internet polls
not scientific in the least
but that's the information he consumes
and we don't know
that he knows the difference to be
honest
we have no clue that he's aware
that those polls are not accurate
so he thinks he did a good job he thinks
he won
that's why i didn't want any changes to
the debate
because in his feedback loop he won
let's take it to some other stuff um
the food boxes that he that the
government's sending out
these things are pretty much despised
by everybody
however because his cheerleaders in the
right wing media
have heralded it as this great thing
he actually put a letter in them saying
that he was responsible for him he
mailed a letter
to voters saying he was responsible for
something that
they don't like
but he doesn't know this because he's in
that feedback loop
that's what he sees it carries through
through other stuff
shortly after a majority of americans
decided seeing a station a light
was at least somewhat justified the
president started talking about law and
order
because in the right-wing media
it was cheered on even though the
majority of americans
do not like the way law enforcement is
behaving right now
as this feedback loop goes on
it actually ends up working against his
campaign because he ends up
catering to a smaller and smaller a more
extreme
group of people
it's probably why he's dropping in the
polls the way he is
let's talk about one other thing
the president initially downplayed
the public health thing
and then his cheerleaders
took it even further and he followed
suit
part of the reason the president
is in the state that he is in is because
of this feedback loop
because they fed into it they rejected
everybody who knows what they're talking
about to cheer him on
it put him where it's at where he's at
right now
because it reinforced those negative
decisions he was making
it's an interesting theory
i don't know that it's true
i don't i don't know that it's accurate
really
but the sign of an enlightened mind is
the ability to entertain an idea without
accepting it
with this in mind
it may be that trump isn't evil
he's just easily manipulated i mean it
doesn't change what needs to happen in
november
i would suggest that an easily
manipulated commander-in-chief's
probably not a good thing but uh
it's definitely a it's something to take
note of
and it's also something to watch out for
in your life
are the feedback loops that you are in
are they encouraging
growth and good behavior making yourself
better
expanding who you are or
are they negative feedback loops
are they feeding you praise
for things you shouldn't be doing that
you know you shouldn't be done more than
likely
but the loop that you're in
is cheering you on
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day